[ Reagan ]
Air and naval forces
of the United States...
launched a series of strikes
against terrorist facilities--
[ Reporter ]
Pan Am Flight 103 crashed
into the town of Lockerbie.
[ Reagan ] He has sanctioned
acts of terror in Africa,
Europe and the Middle East.
This will not stand,
this aggression against Kuwait.
[ Reagan ]
...his relentless pursuit
of terror.
[ Bush ]
We will make no distinction--
[ Reporter ] The U.S.S. Cole
was attacked while refueling
in the port of Aden.
This was an act of terrorism.
It was a despicable
and cowardly act.
The next number we’re gonna
swing for you is one
of the good ol’ favorites.
- [ Speaking Arabic ]
- ...until something stops him.
[ Carrie ]
It was right in front of my
eyes, and I never saw it coming.
[ Police Radio Chatter ]
[ Man ]
We got a plane crashed
into the World Trade Center.
[ Man #2 ]
...thousands of people running--
We must, and we will, remain
vigilant at home and abroad.
[ Speaking Arabic ]
[ Saul Whispering ] You’re
the smartest and the dumbest
fucking person I’ve ever known.
[ Arabic Continues ]
[ Carrie ] I’m not the one
who got it wrong. I’m the only
one who got it right.
[ Saul ]
Take ’em.
Take ’em all.
[ Man ]
Roll every available ambulance
you’ve got to this position.
[ Police Sirens Wailing ]
Previously...
PREGNANT
[ Lockhart ]
I spoke to the president
yesterday.
He’s exploring some changes
in intelligence practice.
I won’t temper my views
just to get your support for
my confirmation as director.
I’m the one getting
nominated as director.
The Agency is being driven
into the fucking ground.
The hope is that you are
the reformer your record
in the Senate would indicate.
So then you agree
that change is in order.
Yes, I do.
[ Fara ]
Is that Javadi?
[ Saul ]
In a French restaurant
in Tehran with our wives.
We were young
intelligence officers during
the dying days of the shah.
I watched a man
I thought I knew
become an animal.
So this operation
is your revenge.
Revenge was when
I helped his wife and son escape
to the West four months later.
I need your eyes on Carrie.
We dangled her to draw
the Iranians out.
[ Quinn ]
Javadi himself.
[ Javadi ]
Carrie Mathison.
Are we completely alone now?
No one is listening.
It’s time we talk
about Nasser Hejazi,
whose name you used
to embezzle more
than $45 million.
You are now an enemy
of your own state.
So why am I not
arrested already?
Saul would like
to talk to you first.
He will turn, won’t he?
Turning an intelligence officer
against his own country--
Well, that’s the most delicate
and uncertain work there is.
He wouldn’t come
with me right away.
Said it wouldn’t fly
with his guys. It was too risky.
So I set a meet for later.
Plan was to bring him
straight here.
[ Doorbell Rings ]
Can I help you?
- [ Quinn ]
Stop or I shoot.
- Now I’m ready to see Saul.
There’s two fatalities
and a lot of blood.
It’s a fucking bloodbath, Saul.
Get him out of there
as fast as possible and
get the murder weapon.
- What do we do about the baby?
- [ Sobbing ]
Leave it.
You weren’t there.
You don’t look like a man
who’s just landed the biggest
asset of his career.
[ Screams ]
[ Chattering ]
So what are we
looking for here?
A .22 and
the top half...
of this bottle.
Plum wine.
Yeah, some kind
of Iranian thing.
I thought Muslims
didn’t drink.
How many?
What?
He hit her,
how many times?
I can see at least
a dozen separate strikes.
Honestly though, with this,
who the hell knows?
[ Man ]
Cal.
We’re still looking for
the murder weapons here, Cort.
I may have something better.
Neighbor’s security
camera picked it up.
Money is wired from
the Al-Askari Bank
in Tehran...
the first Friday of
every month to the H.L.B.C.
subsidiary in Caracas.
On your signature.
There.
We’ve traced the funds
downstream to a series
of terrorist actions,
including the attack
on the C.I.A.
But also to your
personal accounts...
where you’ve diverted
nearly $50 million of
Revolutionary Guard money.
That’s punishable by death if
the I.R.G.C. were to find out.
What’s your point, Saul?
That I’ve been brought down
by a girl?
By two girls?
[ Speaking Farsi ]
Enough.
I think he appreciates
the situation.
He manipulates people,
that’s what he does.
I know.
You can’t let him
get to you.
Well, he does.
Where’d you find that one?
The list of outraged
Iranian exiles is long.
She won’t last.
Well, that’s what
you said about me in 1976
when we were both starting out.
So you got me.
Are you proud of yourself?
So far.
I know what you want.
What’s that?
To clean me of what I know.
I imagine the state of
our nuclear weapons program
is high on your list, huh?
There is a deal to be made,
or I’d be in prison by now.
If I talk-- if I do that--
I need protection.
I need a secure compound
in Miami with a guard detail.
And I want my money. Unfrozen.
All of it.
Is that everything?
For now.
I see you put
some thought into this.
Those are my terms.
Okay.
Those are your terms.
But the problem is
you got it all wrong.
Because what I want from you
is not just intelligence.
Why do you think I went through
the trouble of documenting
your financial misdeeds?
Why?
You killed 219 Americans.
Think I care
you also ripped off
the Revolutionary Guard?
I got plans for you,
much bigger
than you spilling
a few state secrets.
- What plans?
- I’m gonna play you
back into Iran.
From now on,
you work for us.
For me.
I’m your new
case officer.
It won’t work.
Why’s that?
You burned me
back home.
- How?
- I’m here with you.
They don’t know that.
They will.
Who’s gonna tell them?
Not me. Not you.
You came here under
your own steam,
however you managed that,
your story’s still intact.
And if I refuse to go?
So we’re clear,
I’m sending you
back to Tehran
one way or the other.
Either as my asset
or a traitor
to the revolution.
Was this always
the plan?
Shh.
Don’t think
I won’t, Majid.
It’s not a trial
and quick execution
you’re facing there.
You’ll be
tortured first.
And I understand public
hangings are back in vogue.
I will tell you
everything you wanna know,
chapter and verse,
but I can’t go back.
You will do both.
No, I won’t.
Yes, you will.
No, I won’t!
You’re bleeding.
[ Doorbell Chimes ]
Afternoon.
Yeah.
Rough night?
Not especially.
You look tired.
Can I get you anything?
You’ve been M.I.A.
for days now.
Not really.
I’ve been here.
You’ve been absent.
Saul too.
You care to shed
any light on that?
Talk to Saul.
Like I said,
he’s not so easy
to find.
You’re my guy, Peter.
I recruited you.
I brought you up.
What’s your point?
My point is, that entitles me
to a certain amount of
forthrightness from you.
There was a double murder
earlier today in Bethesda.
Fariba Javadi,
ex-wife of the Iranian
deputy security chief.
Also her daughter-in-law.
I understand it was
a damn slaughter.
Would you like me
to look into it for you?
Fuck you.
That’s outside the house
where it happened, 2:53 p.m.
You’re the main suspect.
I hope they nail your ass
to the wall.
Where’s Saul?
In the interrogation room.
Did you know we’re sending
Javadi back to Iran?
You missed
the fireworks.
Javadi blew
when he found out
he had to go back.
We’re on hold till
they stop the bleeding.
We better not wait too long.
Shit.
[ Knocks ]
I’m about
to start again.
What’s the deal?
Neighbor’s security
camera picked me up.
There’s an A.P.B. out.
Just you?
Yeah, somehow it missed
Javadi and Carrie.
Where’d you get this?
Dar Adal. He monitors
the blotters.
So he knows Javadi’s
in the country?
He knows something’s up
he’s not in on.
I suggest you talk to him soon.
I will.
I mean now.
He’s furious.
I’ll smooth things over.
In the meantime, you need to
stay here in this building.
We can’t risk
having you arrested.
Fine. What do we do about this?
There’s a police captain
in Bethesda who owes me.
I could call him,
at least get the photo
down off the wire.
Do it, face-to-face.
Play the national-security card.
Tell him you have
my full support.
What if he wants details
about the murder?
He can’t have them.
If anyone even suspects
Javadi’s in the country,
we’re through.
- Well?
- I checked the whole house
for surveillance.
I must’ve missed
the neighbor’s.
Yeah? Well, I missed
the whole fucking thing.
How’s it going in there?
Slowly.
- Trouble?
- Oh, we’ll manage.
You seem upset.
That’s good enough.
[ Door Closes ]
Well?
Well, what?
Have you come to terms
with your situation?
How does it work?
We return you
to your people
as soon as possible.
I assume they’ve
arranged a way for you
to get out of the country.
No, I meant about Fariba.
A crime is committed.
It must be covered up.
How does it work here?
You killed her.
Why?
To get back at me?
Because you could?
She was my wife.
She was unfaithful.
She was your ex-wife.
It was 35 years ago.
In the eyes of God,
we were still married.
I should have stoned her
to death, but you didn’t
give me enough time.
Remember this?
It was Fariba’s
21st birthday.
We talked all night,
the four of us,
about what the future
might bring.
It wasn’t this.
[ Radio Chatter ]
CRIME SCENE - DO NOT CROSS
[ Siren Chirps ]
Yes, sir.
[ No Audible Dialogue ]
Carrie.
I thought we were
meeting outside.
My guys have
a few questions.
You told them I can’t
talk about it, right?
Yeah, I told them.
Detectives Johnson, Cort.
Carrie Mathison.
Okay, I understand
you’re not happy about this.
Oh, and you are?
Of course not.
We’re as upset as you.
- So who’s this guy?
- I’m afraid that’s classified.
But he’s one of yours?
That’s classified too.
Can you tell me
what he was doing here?
That’s--
Can you tell me
how he knew the victims?
- [ Carrie ] Okay, wait--
- Can you tell me
any goddamn thing?
Can you tell me why
this lady’s laying here
with her throat cut to ribbons?
Any fucking thing?
- Excuse me.
- Okay, Cap?
[ Vomiting ]
[ Water Running ]
You’re not a fanatic.
You’re a pragmatist.
Always have been.
Don’t tell me what I am
and what I’m not.
Well, we’re both old men.
There’s no disputing that.
We are.
It’s the curse of old men
to realize that in the end
we control nothing.
So we lash out.
Buenos Aires.
Berlin.
Burgas.
These are small acts, Majid.
Unworthy of you.
You left something out.
The bombing of the C.I.A.
Nothing small about that.
Nothing unworthy.
Well, I wanted
to talk about that too.
I’m sure you do.
Because when
that bomb went off,
killing all those people,
many of them my friends,
my first thought
was not revenge.
It was--
"Something has to change."
You hit us.
We hit you.
It’s always the same.
And how does
my going back as your spy
change any of that?
For years, we toiled
in back rooms, you and I.
We toiled
while shallower men
held the stage.
Waiting for
our time to come,
gradually understanding
it never would.
Now it has,
unexpectedly.
For you, it has.
You’re the one
who made it possible.
I wanna return the favor.
[ Scoffs ]
Does this look like
a favor to you, Saul?
Majid, thanks to you,
I stand at the center of things.
You put me in power.
You go back to Tehran,
I’ll do the same for you.
Ah.
I know a way.
You all right?
Yeah. Sorry. I don’t know
what happened there.
So we okay?
[ Chuckles ]
I wouldn’t say so, no.
I’m sorry,
but can’t you
handle that?
You mean,
can’t I just pull rank
and shut this thing down?
Sure, just like
you try with me.
But you know
what happens next?
Somehow that photo and all
the evidence in this room...
show up on Drudge Report
or goddamn WikiLeaks.
And then you got yourself
a real problem.
And don’t look at me like
I’m being less than helpful.
I’m just talking reality here.
- So what do you suggest?
- They wanna talk to the guy
in the photo.
- That’s impossible.
- You want this thing
closed quietly?
Find a way.
Where’s Quinn?
Outside, I think.
Could you find him?
Was it always
the plan to send
Javadi back to Iran?
It was always the hope.
No one told me.
[ Exhales ]
Well, you should be proud.
Your work made it all possible.
I’m not proud.
What he did to this country,
it’s nothing compared
to what he did to Iran.
We should try him--
That’s not the plan.
for what he’s done.
Go find Quinn, please.
He’s in.
Good.
How’d you make out?
Not so well.
They wanna talk to you.
The local cops do.
You told them that was
impossible, right?
Several times.
I thought your captain friend
was gonna take care of this.
Yeah, me too. He boned me.
The important thing here
is to not jeopardize
the Javadi play. Agreed?
So let me
talk to them, the cops.
And say what?
I don’t know.
See what they ask.
You know what they’ll ask.
You’re their only suspect.
And since you can’t tell them
what actually happened,
you’ll be admitting
to two murders, then saying
they can’t touch you for it.
-Okay.
-Look, we got police threatening
to blow up our operation.
At the very least this buys us
enough time to get Javadi
out of the country.
So unless you got
another option-- Do it.
At least let me
go with him.
No.
Javadi came here to contact you.
You’re the only one
who can be seen with him.
I need you to get him
back to his people.
When?
Soon as possible. You gotta
get him out of the country
before anything else blows up.
You need to stay
right by his side. We cannot
risk another screwup, okay?
Where will you be?
I got a meeting
with Senator Lockhart,
who’s apparently noticed
I haven’t been in
my office all week.
[ Sighs ]
We need to keep
this thing together...
till Javadi’s on a plane
heading back to Iran.
It’s time.
Carrie will take you back.
And what makes you sure
I won’t just vanish?
This way.
She’ll be with you
all the way to the plane.
I meant, in Iran.
What I said before.
You started this.
I think you’ll wanna
be there when it ends.
I need to know something
before you leave.
I need to know.
Who was responsible
for the bomb?
The bomb at Langley?
Yes.
On the ground that day,
who was responsible?
I thought it was Brody.
That’s what you told the Senate.
That’s what you told
the entire world.
You have a manhunt
on five continents,
a $10 million reward--
Did he do it? Yes or no.
I don’t know.
I don’t believe you.
Look me in the eye and answer.
It wasn’t him.
It was one
of Abu Nazir’s guys.
Who exactly...
I didn’t wanna know.
We’ll get you some clothes
to change into.
Then Carrie will take you
back to your plane.
Can you give me a sec?
Yes, sir.
[ Line Ringing ]
[ Mira ]
Saul? Where are you?
Driving.
Home?
No, back to work.
I’ve been thinking about
our days in Tehran.
Really?
That was
a long time ago.
Yeah.
We were so young.
I was so worried about you
when it all went to hell,
about getting you out.
Yeah. No,
I was worried about you.
Leaving you behind.
I said I didn’t care
about your friend
from Mumbai, but I do.
I said I didn’t have
any claim on you.
Saul--
But I do.
Maybe it’s just in my own mind
at this point, I don’t know.
But I needed to tell you
before it’s too late.
Did you hear me?
Yes.
It’s the first time I could
come up for air in nearly
two days. I wanted you to know.
When are you coming home?
The usual.
Not till late.
Okay.
I’ll see you then.
Paperwork.
The evidence should be there.
They can know what happened.
It’s part of the tags and--
In there.
What’s this?
How we’ll contact you.
Memorize it.
Also, your cover story.
The information
you pried out of me that
justifies your coming here.
It’s how we took down
your network.
Is it true?
It’s verifiable.
Who was the source?
If I go to Iran,
I’ll have to take
the traitor out, you know that.
The source is a hack we did.
A computer virus
that allowed us to monitor
your communications.
You wanna take it out, go ahead.
We have you now.
It’s time to go back
to your people. You ready?
Yeah.
[ Elevator Bell Dings ]
What were you
planning to do,
bypass me entirely?
I’m not gonna apologize.
I had to keep
the circle small.
Not that small.
You, Carrie, Quinn,
and come to think of it,
I haven’t seen that
headscarf for a while.
All need-to-know.
I thought we trusted
each other.
Just you.
I’ll tell just you.
I don’t see how.
You got Lockhart
waiting in your office.
You think he didn’t
notice that the ex-wife
of the I.R.G.C. chief...
got slaughtered
in Bethesda?
Or that Carrie,
who you committed
to a psych ward,
got out and you’re
doing shit about it?
He’s the head of the Senate
Intelligence Committee,
not some civilian
fuck monkey.
Okay, I do have
something going.
An operation.
We’re past that.
It’s time for details.
Fine. I’ll tell you both.
You never told me
whose idea it was.
To hang you out as bait.
Was it your idea or Saul’s?
That’s all right.
You don’t have to say.
It was Saul’s idea.
It had to be.
In fact,
it’s classic Saul.
If it’s so classic,
why’d you fall for it?
Why do you think?
It was you.
The abuse
you went through.
What Saul did to you
to get me here,
even I have never done
anything so cruel.
You’re forgetting
I’ve seen your handiwork.
You can’t bullshit me.
I’m not bullshitting you.
Then you’re seriously deluded.
You know
what he asked me?
Why you killed your wife?
"Who moved the bomb?"
If it was Brody.
Now, why would he
ask me that?
That implies that there’s
a difference of opinion
on that subject, right?
What’d you tell him?
That it was one
of Abu Nazir’s guys.
Not Brody?
No.
Who?
Someone else.
That’s all I know.
You Peter Quinn?
Yeah.
What, that’s
a difficult question?
No.
’Cause your compadre,
Mathison, she promised
what she called "candor."
Peter Quinn is--
What?
My legal name.
One of the victims,
she was Iranian.
Yes.
Ex-wife of an Iranian
security guy. I.R.G.C.
Yes.
And the other victim,
that’s his daughter-in-law.
Yes.
I assume
that’s significant.
Right.
These are some
terse responses.
Look, can we just
get on with this?
On with this?
We are on with it.
How are we not on with it?
My colleague led me to believe
you were after a confession.
Well, that’s incorrect.
What I said was,
I’m trying to understand
what happened here.
That’s not
gonna be possible.
That’s what she said.
She said all I need to know
is that it’s national security.
This is. This.
Look, I know you think
I’m just some dick...
jacking you up
because I can.
’Cause you were
unlucky enough to get
yourself photographed.
And maybe that’s true,
I don’t know.
But actually,
I’m just trying
to understand...
this shit
that you people do.
This shit
that we’re a party to
because we pay taxes.
This--
This shit.
So you killed the daughter?
Yes.
With?
Walther P22.
What about the mother?
Same weapon?
No.
That was with a bottle.
Plum wine.
For national security.
You fucking people.
Have you ever done anything
but make things worse?
This is special access
information.
Fine.
It can’t
leave this room.
Understood.
So?
I’ve recruited
a high-level Iranian asset.
I.R.G.C. Deputy Chief
Majid Javadi.
- Javadi.
- Yes.
The man who financed
the bombing of the C.I.A.
That’s right.
Why on earth
would you trust him?
We’ve developed information
that would compromise him
with his own government.
Evidence of
wholesale corruption.
Which, in Iran,
just means it’s Tuesday.
Normally, I’d agree.
But this is tens
of millions of dollars...
siphoned from a secret
I.R.G.C. fund designated
for terrorist activities.
No one would
look the other way.
So you blackmailed him.
That’s right.
Is there some reason
you didn’t tell my committee?
I was waiting
for it to be real.
It wasn’t because
this is just the kind of
human-intelligence nonsense...
that led to disaster
right here in this building
not four months ago?
Believing our sworn enemies
will magically switch sides.
We talked about this,
the need to wean you
of your Cold War bullshit.
We agreed to disagree.
I don’t see it that way.
Not when I’m inheriting
your mess in 10 days.
A mess.
That’s what you call
placing a major asset
inside a government...
that’s been a black box
for 30 years?
You asked me
what I’ve been doing.
I told you.
Are we done?
Not by a long shot.
I wanna know
how this happened.
Almost there.
Almost there
and you still haven’t asked.
What?
"Who moved the bomb?"
You told Saul it was
one of Abu Nazir’s guys.
Yes, I did.
Which I already knew.
And who handed him
the keys?
Don’t tell me
you never wondered.
I bet you wonder
all the time.
Brody escaped the blast.
Did he know it was coming?
Maybe I already know
the answer to that.
Maybe you don’t.
Fine.
I guess you don’t
want the truth.
I do. I just don’t think
I’d get it from you.
Okay.
I wanna know
about the wife.
What about her?
You recruit Javadi,
his wife’s suddenly dead
along with the daughter-in-law.
Don’t tell me
that’s a coincidence.
It’s not.
So who did it?
[ Chuckling ]
You know, every time
you answer a question
with a big gaping nothing...
it reminds me
what a problem
we have, you and I.
It was Javadi.
Wait a second.
You’re saying he was
in this country?
That’s right.
And you knew this?
We lured him here.
Carrie did.
So wait. You two--
You were working together.
Even when you were
denouncing her in front of
my committee. All for show.
- Did you know?
- I’m learning it now with you.
- Well, who did know?
- Everyone who needed to.
No, everyone
who needed to didn’t know...
because two of those people
are in this room right now
holding their dicks.
I want Carrie
brought in. Now.
She can’t come here now.
And why is that?
She’s busy.
She’s putting Javadi
on a plane back to Iran.
He’s still here?
Ground
the fucking plane.
No.
Ground it.
I’m acting director
for another two weeks.
It’s not your call.
I’ll bump this up to
the president, I swear to God.
And then what?
We fry Javadi’s ass
publicly.
Well, that’s shortsighted.
It’s justice.
It’s ineffective.
’Cause back in Tehran,
he’s replaced by someone
just like him...
who we can’t control.
And the attack
that happened here happens
again and again and again.
This is a once-in-a-lifetime
operation that can
transform everything.
The entire Middle East.
You sound like
you’re fucking high.
I’m calling
the president.
Did you hear what I said?
I’m calling him.
Get me a goddamn phone.
Fine.
Here.
Destroy everything
we’ve been working for.
I’m not even gonna
dignify that with a response.
- You don’t get it, do you?
- For the first time,
I think I really do.
I see now why this place
has been a fucking clown act
for decades.
How does this work?
I’m not sure.
And don’t worry,
I’ll handle the president.
Open the door.
No.
Open the goddamn door.
Make me.
Dar,
let me out of here.
Dar.
You’re dead.
Both of you, you son--
What the fuck?
[ Snaps Fingers ]
[ Javadi ]
Well, you had your chance.
Wait.
It’s okay.
[ Speaking Farsi ]
You said you’d
tell me the truth.
And you told me
I was incapable.
You might be right.
But if you wanna talk
to someone you can trust,
who was there,
you should know that
the man who built the bomb
and moved the S.U.V.,
he didn’t die
in the explosion
like they say.
As far as I know,
he’s still in this country.
Where?
I don’t know.
Who does?
Someone you’ve already met.
The man that
brought us together.
Your lawyer? Bennett?
Well, the way
this worked out,
believe me,
he’s not my lawyer anymore.
[ Jet Engines Start ]
[ Man ] You requested radar
following on 3-6-Oscar.
Yes.
That aircraft
cleared U.S. airspace
at 2219 hours.
Thank you.
Yes, sir.
An audacious operation.
Just the beginning.
[ Chuckles ]
Here’s to continued success.
You know what?
I do need to apologize.
For excluding you.
You don’t have to
explain yourself, Saul.
You are the goddamn
acting director of the
Central Intelligence Agency.
For 10 more days.
[ Chuckles ]
Senator Lockhart
managed to get himself stuck
in the conference room.
Could you ask facilities
to let him out?
[ Cort ]
Follow the bodies down
to the morgue.
I’ll finish up here,
release the scene.
How’d it go?
They’re standing down.
So it went well.
What do they say,
confession is good
for the soul?
Only you didn’t do it.
I know.
But it made me
feel better.
Wrong crime,
right guy, I guess.
You know what else
I’ve realized?
Just how through I am with...
this,
the C.I.A.
I just do not
believe it anymore.
Believe what?
That anything justifies
the damage we do.
[ Sighs ]
Well, you can’t quit yet.
Javadi’s out
over the Atlantic
heading home,
and he told me something
before he left about
the Langley bomber.
You mean Brody.
No, that’s just it.
It’s not him.
And I can prove it now, but...
I need your help.
Quinn?
Sure, Carrie.
Whatever you need.
[ Car Door Closes ]
[ Engine Starts ]
♪♪ [ Jazz On Stereo ]
[ Man ]
♪ Climb the stairs
Light the light ♪
[ Knocking ]
♪ I’ll arrive late tonight ♪
♪ Blackbird ♪
♪ Bye-bye ♪
Saul.
How-How was your day?
I had a good day.
Actually, a really good day.
♪♪ [ Continues, Instrumental ]
Forgive me.
For what?
I’d forgotten...
how beautiful you are.
♪ Pack up all ♪
♪ Cares and woe ♪
♪ There we go
There we go swingin’ low ♪
♪ Bye-bye, blackbird ♪
♪ Where somebody waits for me ♪
♪ Sugar’s sweet, so is she ♪
♪ Bye-bye, blackbird ♪
♪♪ [ Vocalizing ]
♪ Oh, yeah ♪♪
♪♪ [ Ends ]
[ Keys Clack, Bell Dings ]